# CS-255

	The DriverPass project in this course  was focused on the analysis and design of a system connecting potential driving students with instructors and material. The system was designed to be student focus while allowing some administrative backend for the company DriverPass. This system, broken down to its simplest explanation is a Learning Management System merged with a schedule and calendar tracker. In particular I think I did a good job of laying out the requirements of the system and the needs, whether those needs were explicitly requested or implicitly needed. If I could revise one part of the work, I did on this project I think I would revise the system diagrams again and again until I was satisfied they met all of my requirements, all use-cases and the activity of the users adequately enough for a developer (unassociated with the design) to walk in and know exactly what they need to build and how the system should function generally speaking. 
  
	I think it was important to understand every user (actor) use-case and what the overall goals of the system were. Without understanding the user’s need it is difficult to meet all user requirements to say the least. I think it is essential to ask questions about the design, not just from the client but internal questions about the system to ensure needs are met. A user proposal may be to have a section of the page laid out in a certain way but if that layout will inhibit functionality or detract from the overall goals of a project its important to ask questions, consider how the system will be affected and find ways to tweak the design to meet user needs of the component and the overall system. 
  
	Personally, when I design software I think about the overall end goal, and then the way to get there. Unless the software is be designed for the express purpose of familiarity with a certain technology or component, I like to consider which technologies, frameworks, and languages best meet the goals, not what I may want to use. One technique I will use in the future is diagramming complex logic events as it seems to be extremely useful. Just by diagramming those processes I have found flaws in my initial logic, or ways to improve a system that I otherwise would have coded into the system and would have had to spend time revising or rewriting. 
